Include addresses.grpc_tls in upgrade docs. (#15408)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-specific.mdx

[`ports.grpc_tls`](/docs/agent/config/config-files#grpc_tls_port) is the only port that serves encrypted gRPC traffic.
The default value for the gRPC TLS port is 8503 for Consul servers. To disable the gRPC TLS port, use value -1.

If you already use gRPC encryption, change the following fields to ensure compatibility:

> + Change `ports.grpc` to `ports.grpc_tls`. [visit ports documentation for details](/docs/agent/config/config-files#grpc_tls_port)
> + Change `addresses.grpc` to `addresses.grpc_tls`. [visit addresses documentation for details](/docs/agent/config/config-files#grpc_tls)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Change `ports.grpc` to `ports.grpc_tls`. Refer to the `[grpc_tls_port` documentation](/docs/agent/config/config-files#grpc_tls_port) for details.
+ Change `addresses.grpc` to `addresses.grpc_tls`. Refer to the [`grpc_tls` documentation](/docs/agent/config/config-files#grpc_tls) for details.
```
Not a big deal, but this is how we usually direct people to other parts of the docs.

Author: I'll submit a second PR with that tweak in a minute.
